Document using Altinity.Cloud with posthog helm charts (#3078)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/self-host/deploy/configuration.md

By default, ClickHouse is installed as a part of the chart, powered by [clickhouse-operator](https://github.com/Altinity/clickhouse-operator/). We are currently working to add the possibility to use an external ClickHouse service (see [issue #279](https://github.com/PostHog/charts-clickhouse/issues/279) for more info).

#### Use an external service
To use an external ClickHouse service, please set `clickhouse.enabled` to `false` and then configure the `externalClickhouse` values.

> Read more on how to deploy using Altinity Cloud [here](/docs/self-host/configure/using-altinity-cloud).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find out how to deploy PostHog using Altinity Cloud [in our deployment configuration docs](/docs/self-host/configure/using-altinity-cloud).
```
